Everyone has this voice inside,
the one that tells us there's more to life,
but it takes courage to believe in it,
listen to it and take action.
The best part is,
leaping off the cliff is actually how we actually learn to fly.
When I first started travelling the world I had no idea how it would work out.
I just knew that I wanted to live an extraordinary life.
I knew there were other people who traveled the world
and did work they loved
and I wanted to create a life like that.
A life where I felt alive!
And I spent my days doing things that felt meaningful to me.
My heart knew it was possible.
My mind was afraid.
I knew I had to give it a shot.
So, one day at a time, I chose love over fear.
And it happened.
It's happening.